hello let me show you how to make garlic
naan real fast and easy okay here are
the ingredients everything finely minced
parsley garlic white onion pepper sea
salt thyme and olive oil and our main
ingredient which is coconut meat you can
either buy the coconut and scrape out
the meat yourself or get the already
scraped out meat that we purchase so we
put about two cups in the blender two
tablespoons of water in the book it says
coconut water but I don't want it to be
too sweet so I'm just going to use plain
old regular water and we got about 3/4
cup of an onion the Vitamix will rip it
up so I just toss it in there always use
your tamper
blend till just smooth yeah everything's
nice and blended in there now we're
going to take a dehydrator sheet and
lightly oil it okay and then we'll pour
our non batter onto this sheet and then
with an offset spatula we're just going
to spread it a little bit and then we're
gonna top it first with a little bit
more olive oil little drizzle of an
olive oil and then our onions garlic
just throw it on there like that a
parsley
lucy saw you time how beautiful that
looks then we're just slide this
underneath so this will be in the
dehydrator for about two hours then
we're going to flip it over and I'll be
on the other side for another two and a
half three hours
there is no flour no wheat no sugar no
dairy no animal products whatsoever in
this it's not heated to death it's just
gently warmed till it's nice and puffy
and very non like without all the bad
things that come along with eating wheat
and gluten the garlic naan recipe is on
page 26 in the lovely new cookbook love
on a plate by Marcus and Kara if you
want to share this video with your
friends just tell them to go to garlic
naan com